README.md, before:

# Hi, I'm Jehaad — Full-Stack Developer

I design and develop software solutions with a focus on scalability, reliability, and clean, maintainable code. With experience across frontend, backend, and cross-platform development, I work with modern technologies such as React, Next.js, TypeScript, Convex, and more to deliver high-quality applications.

I have worked on projects ranging from web platforms and mobile apps to real-time systems, always aiming to create solutions that are efficient and user-friendly. I enjoy solving complex problems, exploring new tools, and collaborating with others to bring ideas to life.

**Portfolio:** [jehaad.com](https://jehaad.com)

<br>

## Tech Stack

**Frontend:**  
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, React Native, Lynx, Expo, React Query, Jotai, Solid, Qwik, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Vite

**Backend & Databases:**  
Node.js, Express, Fastify, Socket.io, Redis, Firebase, Convex

**Tools & Platforms:**  
Git, Docker, Clerk, Electron, Tauri, Zod

<br>

## Featured Projects

- **[Risha](https://risha.app)** – An easy-to-use writing and productivity platform
- **[ShadowJS](https://github.com/shadowjs-dev/shadow)** - A truly reactive ui framework
- **[Jehaad Studio](https://jehaad.studio)** - A personal space to showcase my hobbies in photography and filmmaking

<br>

## My Accounts

- **X:** [@Jehaad_ALJohani](https://x.com/Jehaad_ALJohani)
- **Threads:** [@jehaad_aljohani](https://www.threads.com/@jehaad_aljohani)
- **LinkedIn:** [jehaad](https://linkedin.com/in/jehaad)
- **Email:** [hi@jehaad.com](mailto:hi@jehaad.com)

Commit message:

Add Deepbox to featured projects list

README.md, after:

# Hi, I'm Jehaad — Full-Stack Developer

I design and develop software solutions with a focus on scalability, reliability, and clean, maintainable code. With experience across frontend, backend, and cross-platform development, I work with modern technologies such as React, Next.js, TypeScript, Convex, and more to deliver high-quality applications.

I have worked on projects ranging from web platforms and mobile apps to real-time systems, always aiming to create solutions that are efficient and user-friendly. I enjoy solving complex problems, exploring new tools, and collaborating with others to bring ideas to life.

**Portfolio:** [jehaad.com](https://jehaad.com)

<br>

## Tech Stack

**Frontend:**  
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, React, React Native, Lynx, Expo, React Query, Jotai, Solid, Qwik, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, Vite

**Backend & Databases:**  
Node.js, Express, Fastify, Socket.io, Redis, Firebase, Convex

**Tools & Platforms:**  
Git, Docker, Clerk, Electron, Tauri, Zod

<br>

## Featured Projects

- **[Deepbox](https://deepbox.dev)** - The TypeScript Toolkit for AI & Numerical Computing
- **[Risha](https://risha.app)** – An easy-to-use writing and productivity platform
- **[ShadowJS](https://github.com/shadowjs-dev/shadow)** - A truly reactive ui framework
- **[Jehaad Studio](https://jehaad.studio)** - A personal space to showcase my hobbies in photography and filmmaking

<br>

## My Accounts

- **X:** [@Jehaad_ALJohani](https://x.com/Jehaad_ALJohani)
- **Threads:** [@jehaad_aljohani](https://www.threads.com/@jehaad_aljohani)
- **LinkedIn:** [jehaad](https://linkedin.com/in/jehaad)
- **Email:** [hi@jehaad.com](mailto:hi@jehaad.com)
